Update REST advance BBEs (#3026)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-query-parameter/http_query_parameter.md

> HTTP module provides first class support for reading URL query parameters as resource method argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http` module provides first-class support for reading URL query parameters as the resource method argument.
```

The supported types are string, int, float, boolean, decimal, and the array types of the aforementioned types. The

> query param type can be nilable (e.g., (string? bar)). The request also provide certain method to retrieve query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
query param type can be nilable (e.g., `(string? bar)`). The request also provides a certain method to retrieve query
```
